Death doesn't believe what he says
I, Ma Jinshan, kept my promise
If you say you are banned, you will definitely be banned.
Ma Shoufu
What benefit did Zhao Ruolan give you?
Let you offend us at all costs
Offend you also deserve these two words
I'm just cleaning up for Zhao Luonan
Recalcitrant scum
Ma Shoufu said it well
Sun Meifeng is not only a slut who abandons her husband and daughter
Or help little Japan bully our defeated beauty
Should clean up
Also delusional to smash the plaque of our champion
Are you disgusting?
Ma Zongma is the richest man
It's all our fault
We apologize to you.
Can you just give us another chance?
Ruolan, my good daughter
I'm mom
Quickly help your mother and Ma Shoufu to beg for mercy
Don't block us!
Haven't you cut ties with me?
how
Now what are you asking me for this bargain?
That is, you are advanced people
Of noble blood
Look at Zhao Ruolan, such a bargain
Don't feel ashamed
Zhao Ruolan, I order you to ask for our kiss immediately
Otherwise, don't blame me for turning my back
OK, then you kneel now
Apologize to my dad and the people in Zhaojiacun
That's not possible.
Then there's nothing more to say
Good Zhao Ruolan
Since you are so heartless
Then don't blame me for being rude.